docs(weekly): add this week in databend 101 (#12043)
datafuselabs/databend: website/blog/2023-07-09-databend-weekly-101.md

### Tutorial | Create External Stage on Cloueflare R2

[Cloueflare R2](https://www.cloudflare.com/products/r2/) gives you the freedom to create the multi-cloud architectures you desire with an S3-compatible object storage.

You can use Databend to create external storage on Cloueflare R2 and further efficiently mine the value of data.

If you are interested in learning more, please check out the resources listed below.

- [Docs | Create External Stage on Cloueflare R2](/doc/sql-commands/ddl/stage/ddl-create-stage#example-4-create-external-stage-on-cloueflare-r2)

## Code Corner

Discover some fascinating code snippets or projects that showcase our work or learning journey.

### New System Table: `system.backtrace`

[async-backtrace](https://github.com/tokio-rs/async-backtrace) provides efficient and logical "stack" traces for asynchronous functions.

Databend has built the ability of `async-backtrace` into the system table. Developers can obtain trace information by querying the `system.backtrace` system table through `SELECT` statement, which will help further debugging and troubleshooting.

> Furthermore, if you are in cluster mode, executing a query for `system.backtrace` on any node will give you the call stack of the entire cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, if you are in cluster mode, executing a query against `system.backtrace` on any node will return the call stack of the entire cluster.
```

If you are interested in learning more, please check out the resources listed below:

- [feat: add system.backtrace table]([feat: add system.backtrace table](https://github.com/datafuselabs/databend/pull/12024))

## Highlights

We have also made these improvements to Databend that we hope you will find helpful:

- Added `bitmap_not_count`, `bitmap_union` and `bitmap_intersect` aggregate functions.
- Added `cume_dist` window function.

> - Added suupport for `ATTACH TABLE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for `ATTACH TABLE`.
```

- Added `system.metrics` table and metrics for measuring spill and transformation operations.
- Added support for converting stored computed column into a regular column.
- Implemented task suggestion for **Serverless Background Service**.

## What's Up Next

We're always open to cutting-edge technologies and innovative ideas. You're more than welcome to join the community and bring them to Databend.

> ### Add Support for Random Seed to the Random Engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add Random Seed for Random Engine
```

> Databend has previously implemented a random engine that supports generating random tables using random data. In order to obtain deterministic and reproducible test results, we hope to add support for random seed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databend previously implemented a random engine that supports generating random tables using random data. In order to obtain deterministic and reproducible test results, we plan to introduce random seed.
```

```SQL
CREATE table(t int, time timestamp) ENGINE=RANDOM(1000)
```

[Issue #11863 | Feature: Support to add random seed on random engine](https://github.com/datafuselabs/databend/issues/11863)

> Please let us know if you're interested in contributing to this issue, or pick up a good first issue at <https://link.databend.rs/i-m-feeling-lucky> to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please let us know if you're interested in contributing to this feature, or pick up a good first issue at <https://link.databend.rs/i-m-feeling-lucky> to get started.
```
